<Title>Crosschain protocol disclaimer </Title>
 This site utilizes decentralized peer-to-peer protocols that people can use to create liquidity and trade cryptocurrrecies. Your use of crosschain protocols involves various risks, including, but not limited to, losses due to the fluctuation of prices of cryptocurrencies. Before using the Crosschain.Quest, you should review the relevant documentation to make sure you understand how the protocols use on this site work. Additionally, just as you can access email email protocols such as SMTP through multiple email clients, you can access the crosschain and swapping protocols through dozens of web or mobile interfaces. You are responsible for doing your own diligence on those interfaces to understand the fees and risks they present.

AS DESCRIBED IN THE UNISWAP PROTOCOL LICENSES, CROSSCHAIN.QUEST IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. Although Universal Navigation Inc. d/b/a/ "Uniswap Labs" ( "Uniswap Labs" ) developed much of the initial code for the Uniswap protocol, it does not provide, own, or control the Uniswap protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. Upgrades and modifications to the protocol are managed in a community-driven way by holders of the UNI governance token. No developer or entity involved in creating the Uniswap protocol will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the Uniswap protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.